hi it's Katya cooking on the bank again
I'm gonna go through one of the products
I've got opps your food what went
through yesterday it's practice time
playing around op see and the easiest
way is a lot of people go fishing don't
take enough water so basically all we're
gonna do is pull the panel of lake water
because it's going to be cooked in here
just fill up the lake water turn the gas
on
and just wait until it falls okay we are
water's boiling what I like to do a lot
of people struggle obviously put it in
sport little plan like parcel
and it goes
same time at our studio all day
breakfast three minutes Gabriel piping
not you gave three minutes on the timer
okay so what we do then is obviously
lift it out just drain off the water so
you don't burn yourself and then over to
the plate okay the best weight off
drained it off the wall it was all gone
best way to do it you get a little clip
here just pull it's open
take it forward and obviously straight
forward just roll it from the bottom
quite hearts to dishonor you be careful
and there we go all day breakfast three
minutes perfect all day breakfast there
we go simple pork sausages making my
kind of burger spit the egg in there
not bad obviously not just going to say
my cooking but there you go all day
breakfast on the bank three minutes done
hooked on food get on